ASYLUM SEEKING JOURNAL
LI AO DIARIES
[Absense Supplemental] 26/9/2025 Moving to Kuala Lumpur

Composed date: 27/9/2025
======================

I decided to moving back to Kuala Lumpur, the first city I've ever lived abroad, to seek temporaty refuge in other places while also to keeping me safe as a homeless. Previous experiences already told me that straying around certain places would make be become identifiable and if someone think of me bad he/she may refer my case to local authorities -- and I would be looked after. Although initially before becoming homeless for the first time I knew that to keep me safe I need to actively finding a safe place, but I had already suffered so many; although I endured up until that day, I really do not want to becoming homeless everyday. Just like most other people, I love to live indoors with reasonable amenities.

The Cyberjaya City Centre MRT station suddenly went into my sight while I was walking on a way I haven't walked before for Putrajaya Sentral. I still remembered that the station refused me to take the train for KLIA -- it happened in this month as their reason for refusal was because of my odor. While most of the time I was dirty because of not washing my body frequently, or say doing this so infrequently, I don't want to treat my body this way. I want to be dignified and have a clean body, but I can't do so at present as a homeless.

This station was somehow obscure, I cannot see even a small group of people walking in or out of the station. I saw 2 buses but without anyone embarking or disbarking -- they were idle for an unknown reason. Seeing that trains stop at the station and there were cars parking around the exterior, I entered the station.

There were no many people inside. I did not see even a small group of people leaving the building. After consulting with a courier, I used my Touch 'n Go card I picked up while walking on the street, and passed through the barrier gate.

He also said that the toilet was inside the station, so I decided to use it before taking the train. I did not think of much, just about to using it for urination or defection. I saw the route indicator to the toilet section: the infant room, and possibly the icon for accessible toilet. The modern design with such indicators, and especially the shiny new indicators, suggested that the amenities might be friendly to me, like those at airports or in developed countries with developed infrastructure.

I finally found the entrance to the toilets! And almost instantly as I approached the entrance area, I found a room with very familar design: It must be the accessible toilet. Thinking about that, I entered the room.

A hand dryer, and a sink with faucet. The design of the room was like hotels. After I found out that there was also hand soup provided, I immediately decided to wash my clothes. I took off my clothes and mixed it with the hand soup. The water went out from the clothes became black -- there was so much of dirts be loosed, with the help of the hand soup.

With multiple rounds of flushing with clean water, there still was unclean water went out. As I thought that the clothes should be clean enough to be acceptable, I twisted to drain it, and used the hand dryer to furtherly drain the water. The T-shirt and shorts were not completely dried, and I took it on and proceeded to the platform for the train.

It was a brand new station, with everything new. A train quickly arrived and I embarked on it. It was air-conditioned and I felt a bit cold, however the aim was to leave Cyberjaya for Kuala Lumpur.

As I had arrived in Kuala Lumpur, I started to get the feel of this city. The sense was still familar. A place where I saw many Chinese people gathered, had a plate at the entrance containing the Chinese character of "mid-automn festival" as probably the name of the event -- had it already arrived? I had no idea.

Thinking of my mom, I felt sad, but did not extracted tears. I have already been familar with such a feeling.

After at least more than an hour of walk but still haven't reached the destination which is around Brickfields, I used my ability of leveraging the map of the metro station together with the metro's network map to find the way -- I developed this ability since the second time of visit of Malaysia and using the metro network map to navigate in absense of a true map was already developed during my visit of Shanghai in the last year. Since Malaysia's road signs do not include geospace directions, so I need to use the map of the metro station to determine north, south, west and east, and taking the network map as reference despite the locations are sorted in deformed form, I could walk without loosing the directions. FInally, as I saw the DBKL Tower, the UOB Malaysia building and the SOGO market's building, I knew that I could be able to find my way.

I later arrived at a location before the Agro Bank building in Brickfields where I used to sleep. I quickly went into sleeping thereafter.
